(Transcribed by TurboScribe. Go Unlimited to remove this message.)

Hello, so home page with our intro and I'll give you our best product, like the most unique product. I'll send the images today. So as we scroll down, we'll divide into three categories. 

One is sheets, one is doors and one is frames. Okay. And frames are different qualities, different molds and colors. 

We have three main colors. But the problem is we have two different brands which have all the products, like sheets, doors and frames, three categories, right? But in our house, we have two brands. One is the most premium one on which we already bought the domain. 

And Omniwood, which is like light brand, it's the Sasta version, because many people can't afford the expensive one. So you tell me how do we divide it? Because Omniwood is not really the thing we want a website for. The main focus is Aashirvaad due to high margins and all.

Okay. So do you even want to mention the second brand at all or do you want it to be exclusively for the premium? No, I want it mentioned. I also want a light, like a light intro on that, like a second home page when you click on this. 

But the main focus should be on the more premium brand. Yeah. And the domain is also bought on the name of the premium one.

Oh. But then won't it be weird when you visit this site expecting to see details from one brand and you see from another? Yeah, that's what. So like I was thinking as you scroll like bottom or something or a page on top, like you have homepage, features, price and all.

And then like a completely separate page for the other. Yeah. Yeah. 

I think that makes sense. Isolating. We can put light detail on that brand. 

That's not a main focus. We can do that at the end. We're almost done with this. 

And the main thing is, we won't really mention the prices because prices are fluctuating. It's like gold or something. Yeah. 

So a lot of contact details will have to be shared and all. Okay. So give me all of that. 

Give me all the images, all the names. I also got another intro to be made. It feels better than the one I sent you.

Yeah. You make some changes to it. Okay. 

What all do you need for today? Logo of course. I'll send you the logo. Next. 

Resend. I can't find it. Just send it like, send it all at once or like make a Google Drive and then upload everything there. 

That'll be easy. Can you repeat? I was talking to someone. I said, make a Google Drive and upload everything there. 

Google Drive? Finally, we just send. Yeah. I'll send you. 

I'll send you the photos also. I'll send you any more size details or anything. Okay. 

So anyway, you said you have three things, right? Doors, frames. What else? Sheets. They're like thin version of doors and they're like really eight feet by four. 

Okay. So what I was thinking is two approaches. One is one is one is you can have like a single section with like three buttons that allows you to switch between door sheets and frame. 

Okay. Other is you can have one section dedicated to each thing. So which one would you prefer? So like as you scrolled on the homepage, you go through all three of them. 

Okay, fine. And then in each section, what do you want? You just want me to display the images you're putting. That's it. 

No, like I would say technical details, like size is available. There should be like a click and all that. I'll take a day for that.

A lot of sizes. They're like a hundred. Okay. 

I'll just put some placeholder content for now. So as you scroll down the homepage, there's like door picture. You click on it. 

You go to the entire door section. I'll send you a few AI generated images, like a lifestyle, you know. Okay. 

Like a house with the door. Apart from the sizes, what else do you want to be mentioned? Thicknesses available. Like just plain information. 

Yeah. You need some images also. And like main qualities. 

There are a lot of qualities. Like termite proof, fire proof and all.

(Transcribed by TurboScribe. Go Unlimited to remove this message.)